It's been 76 days since
Hamas militants
massacred hundreds
at a music festival in southern Israel.
And now one woman who survived
has returned to the scene to be reunited
with the man who saved her life.
Here's CNN's Will Ripley.
Looking at that cloud of smoke.
What does that trigger for you?
So seeing the smoke,
it definitely reminds me of those noises.
Bring me back to that day.
In southern Israel.
You don't need a map to know
you're near Gaza.
Why are you here?
Why do you want to go back?
Sorry. That loud boom.
Outgoing artillery near our car
rattling native New Yorker
Natalie sent a dodgy.
Tell me what that made you feel like
just now.
I got scared that, like,
we're being shot at.
By
the last time she was on this road.
Natalie was running for her life
just after sunrise on Saturday,
October 7th.
Rocket interception
seen from the dance floor
at the Nova Music Festival.
Hamas militants
killed more than 350 people,
mostly young,
mostly Jewish, mostly unarmed.
I feel so lucky that
that I made it out that I got out alive.
I feel that it's my duty to be
that voice for all of those
who weren't as lucky as me.
That sense of duty is why she's returning
to Israel for the first time
since the attacks.
Just seeing all these faces and
and knowing people
that loved these faces.
Faces of friends who never made it home.
Oh, my God.
She's gone.
It's so crazy.
I was dancing right next to them.
You know,
it's so hard to see how many of them are.
And it could have been you.
The music festival campsite
now a place where families
come to grieve.
Rockets in the sky.
Gunshots on the ground.
All she could do was run.
Many took cover in bathrooms,
bomb shelters, ditches.
Most of them ended up dead.
4 hours of running,
exhausted, dehydrated.
I never thought that Natalie collapsed.
I would really just sit down
and accept my fate.
Too tired to run.
As a truck came closer.
We have nowhere to run to.
Like where are we going
to get up and run to?
Like, this is a terrorist
coming to kill us.
That's it.
Kind of like that one here.
The man behind the wheel.
Not a terrorist from a nearby village.
Natalie never got his name.
She only tracked him down a few days ago.
It's why she's come back to thank him.
They're about to meet for the
first time since that day.
The man fighting back tears, Moshe Shati,
an Israeli father of four
who left home
and drove directly into danger.
Not once or twice more than ten trips
to and from the music festival.
Yo,
yo.
Nobody
wants to.
There are moments of you live
so close to this.
But were you prepared fully for what
you saw on October 7th?
The logic behind the work is.
Things like this you can't forget.
I'll never forget what I saw.
It's very.
Very tough.
Haunted by the horrors he saw.
Heartened by the lives he saved.
So many people were saved in this truck.
With Natalie, one of well
over 100 people.
He packed into his pickup
and drove to safety.
As a like this.
This truck saved so many lives.
And he just looks like an average truck,
like I said, right there in that corner.
If it wasn't for him,
I truly don't think
I would have been here today.
One bright chapter on a very dark day,
Natalie told us.
One reason
she's sharing her story is
she doesn't want people to forget
that there is a human face
to all of this.
These young people
who were killed on October 7th
have been politicized.
And Natalie herself
has been the target of pretty intense
online hate
as a result of sharing her story.
She wants people to remember that
civilians on both sides are dying
and they have families.
They have people who love them.
And she says they need to be remembered.
Will Ripley, CNN, Tel-Aviv.